fix(challenge): check inline style for color (#38211)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css/change-the-color-of-text.english.md

  - text: Your <code>h2</code> element should have a <code>style</code> declaration.
    testString: assert($("h2").attr('style'));

>   - text: Your <code>h2</code> element should be red.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: Your <code>h2</code> element should have the color <code>red</code>.
```
If we're only going to accept `color: red` I think there should be a stronger hint that that's the case.

Reviewer 2: How about this @ojeytonwilliams ?
```suggestion
  - text: Your <code>h2</code> element should have the color set to <code>red</code>.
```

Reviewer: Yeah, that works for me.
